qa_pairs = {
    "Enables clients to view account balances / transaction information in both a high-level summary and detailed formats. This product provides a package of reprots through the default Cash Reports user entitlement - Updated": "Access Cash (Transaction) Reporting and Rules Mapping",
    "A spreadsheet plug-in that integrates with J.P. Morgan Access and provides a single view of a client's account information across their banking relationship. Installed through Microsoft Excel, a client is able to create a custom worksheet that can be refreshed with data from JPM or other banking providers' accounts.": "Access Insight Reporting (Excel Plug-in)",
    "Enables the client to view cash / investment balances associated with a DDA, Physical Cash Concentration structure, and reports (Lee: CFI, CFV, Trovata, etc.)": "Access Liquidity Solutions - Visibility",
    "Delivery of cash (transaction) reporting via API": "Cash Reporting API",
    "(CDR = Current Day Reporting). Transmits files directly to the client's financial systems, automating information reporting delivery.": "H2H Reporting (CDR, current-day reporting)",
    "(PDR = Prior Day Reporting). Transmits files directly to the client's financial systems automating information reporting delivery.": "H2H Reporting (PDR, prior-day reporting)",
    "System that allows clients to view aggregated account information across their entire portfolio and conduct in-dept risk analysis (JPMorgan Asset Management product)": "Morgan Money - Reporting (Referral to JPM Asset Management",
    "Tracks the movement of US physical cash concentration transfers throughout the day. The running net-total reflects the intercompany position.": "Intercompany Reporting (US)",
    "Provides full visibility of all J.P. Morgan accounts globally as well as accounts with third-party banks who send reporting data to JPM.": "Multi-Bank Reporting",
    "JPM FinTech partnership. Multi-bank cash management platform that helps clients with cash forecasting, cash flow analysis, and cash reporting. Available as a paid add-on to J.P. Morgan Access.": "Trovata",
    "Provides a monthly summary of investments, cash concentration, and pooling on ECD and International DDAs.": "Access Liquidity Statements",
    "Structure information service which applies when the client requests Cash Concentration, Multibank (Third Party) Cash Concentration, Intercompany Loans & Reporting, Notional Pooling, and Group Liquidity Management Acccount.": "Access Liquidity Solutions - Structures",
    "ADT-ULID (Unique Location Indentifiers) Reporting is a cash concentration report that enhances reconciliation of deposit detail through customized transaction reporting. It displays all prior-day transactions in the concentration structure in a single statement at the master account level. Transactions are sub-totaled and organized according to ULID information available.": "ADT ULID Reporting",
    "Enables automatic consolidation of cash positions across a client's accounts located at the same JPM branch, different JPM branches, or at a 3rd party bank (also consider selling a Multibank Sweep, in addition, for a structure including a 3rd Part Bank). Provides clients with enhanced efficiency, increased visibility, and more control over liquidity.": "Physical Cash Concentration (US)",
    "Combining one DDA with a virtual account sub-ledger; VAM enables the differentiation of cash activity within a single account. Clients are able to create virtual account structures that mirror their organization improving cash visibility and reducing reliance on physical accounts.": "Virtual Account Management (VAM)",
    "Web-based solution for concentrating funds deposited at remote locations.": "ACH Cash Concentration",
    "An instruction sent from JPM to initiate a credit request and draw funds from a client's third party bank account into a JPM account.": "Drawdown (US) - Inbound Funds",
    "An instruction sent from JPM to send funds from a client's JPM account to a bank account at a separate third-party bank.": "Drawdown (US) - Outbound Funds",
    "Automatically moves balances from an account in one bank to an account in another bank. This product automates the movement of cash between client-owned accounts at JPM and third-party banks via SWIFT messaging.": "Multi-Bank Sweep",
    "Standing Order Funds Transfer Initiation - Allows clients to initiate routine, regular, and automated inbound fund transactions that do not require client input.": "SOFTI (Standing Order Funds Transfer Instructions) - Collections",
    "Standing Order Funds Transfer Initiation - Allows clients to initiate routine, regular, and automated outbound fund transactions that do not require client input.": "SOFTI (Standing Order Funds Transfer Instructions) - Disbursements",
    "Enables clients to use credits earned (ECA) on local US DDA balances to offset their US bank fees. Offers clients a soft dollar credit.": "DDA with ECR (US)",
    "Provides interest payments in exchange for balances. Interest accrues on a daily basis and is paid monthly.": "DDA with Interest (US)",
    "Provides the benefits of both interest and ECR accounts, consolidated into a single account that's easier to manage. Balances up to a predetermined threshold (peg) earn credit (ECA) at a manged ECR to offset fees. Balances over the peg balance earn hard dollar interest. Interest accrues daily and is paid monthly. ECR/ECA is calculated and applied monthly.": "Hybrid DDA with ECR and Interest (US)",
    "Provides accurate disbursement totals early each business day to gain control over idle balances, eliminate overdrafts and automate funding transfers.": "Controlled Disbursement Account (CDA)",
    "An automated product that links a client's DDA to a single entity committed revolving line of credit and an investment account, if desired.": "Loan Sweep",
    "Enables J.P. Morgan cash and credit clients to initate batch, cross-border, cross-currency transactions utilizing the low value clearing systems within the country of the pay currency. Clients can initiate payments via GMP from 11 debit locations, holding an account in 50+ currencies (location dependent). Sales should collaborate with their TS FX PSS early into the process to assess client compatibility with GMP.": "Global Mass Pay",
    "Wire payments to international suppliers / vendors in local currency (FX). Eliminates need for client to set-up international accounts or hold local currency for international payments.": "TS FX Wires",
    "An interest-bearing account designed for operation balances (used primarily outside the U.S.). The LMA pays increasing interest based on the stability of thea ccount balance over time.": "LMA (Liquidity Management Account, US /Int'l)",
    "Term deposit where a fixed amount of cash is held for a specified period of time at a fixed rate.": "Certificate of Deposit (CD)",
    "Clients can use this interest-bearing solution to set aside a reserve cash to fund periodic payments such as capital improvements, lease payments, etc. or simply to provide a liquidity cushion to accommodate a sudden need for cash. Note that regulation capping withdrawls at 6 per month have been removed.": "Money Market Deposit Account (MMDA)",
    "Automatically transfers funds at the close of each business day and then returns them to the DDA when the markets open the next business day. Provides a convenient service for overnight investment of surplus funds.": "MMF Sweep (EOD)",
    "Automatically invests via sweep, at different times throughout the day an hour before the fund close time. Clients set a target amount to maintain at all times in the DDA. The automated sweep invests the excess funds above the pre-established target into a MMMF, and redeems funds if the account balance falls below the target. Funds remain invested otherwise.": "MMF Sweep (intra-day)",
    "Pooled investments comprised of short-term money market instruments, generally with maturities of 13 months or less. MMFs are required to maintain a diversified portfolio of holdings (regulated by the Securities Exchange COmmission (SEC)) and are therefore considered stable, low-risk investments.": "Money Market Mutual Funds",
    "JP Morgan Asset Management's enhanced trading and analytics platform. This multi-currency, open architecture trading and risk management system allows clients to invest when, where, and how they want.": "Morgan Money - Self-directed MMF Investments (Referral to JPM Asset Management)",
    "No Description Available.": "Referral to JPMorgan Advisors",
    "Investment Initiation via ALS enables the client to invest directly in MMFs offered by JPM as well as leading third party providers.": "Self-directed MMF Investments thru ALS - Investment Initiation",
    "Provides comprehensive FX toolkit that enables integrated trade execution, confirmation, and settlement, in single interface. Allows multiple users to manage FX risk and payments securely, 24 hours a day. Includes spots, forwards, swaps, NFDs, and window forwards.": "J.P. Morgan Access FX Center",
    "No Description Available.": "Referral to FX Marketers (CIB)",
    "No Description Available.": "Merchant Services Access FX (Referral to Merchant Services)",
}